Create FTA algorithm description (#36)
kbss-cvut/fta-fmea-ui: doc/fta-construction-algorithm.md

# FTA construction algorithm

FTA tree is generated from functional component structure, i.e. considering function parts, required functions
as well as impairing failure modes. The generated FTA includes only AND and OR gates due to the

> modeling constructs used to describe system behaviors. The algorithm implemented in this tool is described by recursive function GENERATE_FTA which represents inner nodes of FTA tree as fault events. Each fault event is described in terms of OR gate or AND

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modeling constructs used to describe system behaviors. The algorithm implemented in this tool is described by recursive function GENERATE_FTA which represents root node and some inner nodes of FTA tree as fault events. Each node that is represented by fault event is attached to OR gate or AND
```
